[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> New documentary.
>> Animal and agriculture, which
was playing some significant
role around the planet.
But this was the
elephant in the room
no one wanted to talk about.
>> This week on Gaia--
>> The idea that we're going to
double meat production between
now and 2050, this is
just unsustainable.
This is going to have to give.
Our diet is taking
us to an abyss.
>> On "Journeys Into The Soul"--
>> The first thing that I
perceive from him is his light.
He's just hugging me with these
huge wings full of feathers.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightning Talks"--
>> And I delve into minerals
and how they work in the body
and mineral depletion and
its effects and how mineral
replenishment actually works.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> All of the beings who are
plugged into that collective
grid because it's based
on their frequency
and their consciousness, they're
having resonant experiences.
>> On "Open Minds with
Regina Meredith"--
>> One of the things that
happens when you interact with
portals for a lot of time, it's
a bit like driving your car.
That your first day
you're glued to the wheel
and you're sweating,
and now it's
like you drive for 400
miles, you don't even
realize you've done it.
>> Only on Gaia.